1. Hours to complete the project: 30 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Calculating Edit Distance Using Dynamic Programming): when I started the problem, I just followed what the comments instructing, but I was having a difficult time setting up i and j on the opt reverse order with a right size. I asked one of the classmates to show me the visual presentation of opt. 
So, I realized that I have to use for loop to iterate i and j in the loops with a correct size which the given example for the outputs from the problem questions helps a lot to fix the problems the size of columns and rows in opt 2D array. The hardest thing that gives me a difficult time is computing the rest of 'opt' using range. From the trails errors, I figure if I have to fix the size of the rest of 'opt' by using the right index. 

  Problem 2 (Recovering the Alignment): This problem is harder than the 1st problem, especially working on the concept of recovering the optimal alignment. Using some concept from the notes, I used loops to check each statement inside the loop. The first problem is definitely helping to solve this problem. And I took me longtime fitting my code with the directives about the genetics encodes, and I redirect the standard outputs by adding them directly. It helps me to map out the standard inputs from the directives.   

 
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Teddy             Classmate    Discussed abstract concepts 
   
4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.
Maybe, It better to explain these problems in the class becuause I was having hard time understanding
the questions by itself. 
